the number you have reached is not in
service
hello daddy
[Music]
daddy who does to you
he's dead someone tortured him you get
out of there right now
you don't know that town there's
something broken there
i'm not coming home mama until i find
out i did this yeah i sure as hell hate
to be the one you're going to go see
stay away from the brothers look
brothers
and daddy cared for you so much they
killed him
what's with this hatchet it was my
daddy's
[Applause]
[Music]
drop it
you are one crazy ass girl you want that
i want to make things right yeah i'll
take dude
i can't take money from a dead girl it
ain't good
waving a hatchet around wanting to kill
people
if someone bad dies is good right
i can hear your heartbeat
i need to know the truth
what you do baby
[Applause]
[Music]
hey